chore: December Quiet Month Blog Post (#299)
electron/electronjs.org-new: blog/dec-quiet-month-22.md

---

> title: A Quiet Place (Dec'22)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: A Quiet Place Part II (Dec'22)
```

https://www.imdb.com/title/tt8332922/

> date: 2022-11-18T00:00:00.000Z

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2022-11-21T00:00:00.000Z
```

authors:
  name: plainekevin
  url: 'https://github.com/PlaineKevin'
  image_url: 'https://github.com/plainekevin.png?size=96'
slug: a-quiet-place-22
---

The Electron project will pause for the month of December 2022, then return to full speed in January 2023.

> <div style={{width:"100%",height:"0",paddingBottom:"42%",position:"relative"}}>
>   <iframe src="https://giphy.com/embed/lbQQ1yeN4Z2wGm9q4d" width="480" height="270" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe>
> </div>
> <p><a href="https://giphy.com/gifs/marvelstudios-marvel-loki-studios-lbQQ1yeN4Z2wGm9q4d">via GIPHY</a></p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<iframe src="https://giphy.com/embed/l4EpdWVFYX4qMpYLS" width="480" height="480" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe><p><a href="https://giphy.com/gifs/aquietplacemovie-quiet-shh-l4EpdWVFYX4qMpYLS">via GIPHY</a></p>
```

---
title: A Quiet Place (Dec'22)
date: 2022-11-18T00:00:00.000Z
authors:
  name: plainekevin
  url: 'https://github.com/PlaineKevin'
  image_url: 'https://github.com/plainekevin.png?size=96'
slug: a-quiet-place-22
---

The Electron project will pause for the month of December 2022, then return to full speed in January 2023.

<div style={{width:"100%",height:"0",paddingBottom:"42%",position:"relative"}}>
  <iframe src="https://giphy.com/embed/lbQQ1yeN4Z2wGm9q4d" width="480" height="270" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>
<p><a href="https://giphy.com/gifs/marvelstudios-marvel-loki-studios-lbQQ1yeN4Z2wGm9q4d">via GIPHY</a></p>

---

> ## What will be the same in December

Reviewer: I think an intro paragraph summarizing all the work we've done this year would be great. :)

Author: While I don't necessarily disagree, I think the point of this post should focus on letting everyone know we're not going to be as responsive this month. A post celebrating our wins would definitely be awesome but maybe shouldn't exist in the context of what this blog post is hoping to accomplish. Let me know if you disagree!

> 1. Zero-day and other major security-related releases will be published as necessary. Security incidents should be reported via [SECURITY.md](https://github.com/electron/electron/tree/master/SECURITY.md).

Reviewer: I think this should be changed for the new GitHub repo vulnerability thing (what @MarshallOfSound was talking about at the GitHub Universe panel).

Author: @MarshallOfSound updated the security.md to incorporate the new reporting feature so I think we should be set here

1. [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/electron/electron/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) reports and moderation will continue.

## What will be different in December

> 1. No new Beta or Stable releases in December. No Nightly releases for the last two weeks of December.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. No new Stable releases in December. No Nightly and Alpha releases for the last two weeks of December.
```

Author: Fixed. Thank you!

> 1. No new Beta or Stable releases in December. No Nightly releases for the last two weeks of December.

Author: Fixed thank you! I incorporated @VerteDinde 's suggestion below which includes the concept of an alpha line but which release lines are frozen when may still be up for discussion. Let me know if the new change is what you had in mind!

1. With few exceptions, no pull request reviews or merges.
1. No issue tracker updates on any repositories.
1. No Discord debugging help from maintainers.
1. No social media content updates.

## Why is this happening?

With the success of December Quiet Month 2021, we wanted to bring it back for 2022. December continues to be a quiet month for most companies, so we want to give our maintainers a chance to recharge. We encourage other projects to consider similar measures.

> ## Should I be worried about the future of Electron?

Reviewer: Is this necessary this year since we had the same thing happen last year without any concerns?

Author: That's fair. Let me move some of this to the section above and remove this section as it's probably not necessarily
